Add services page (#36)
crate/cloud-docs: docs/reference/services.md

- Any cluster size
- Custom compute options
- Dedicated master nodes
- Unlimited Storage
- Custom Backups
- Premium Support
- AWS / Azure Private Link
- Uptime SLAs

<br>

[Contact us for more information](https://cratedb.com/contact)
:::

::::

## Shared

CrateDB Cloud's Shared Plan provides an affordable and easy-to-setup option for
users who require basic database functionalities. The plan is built around the
principle of cost-effectiveness and is particularly well-suited for development,
testing, or non-critical production environments.

**Node sizes**
:::{table}
:width: 700px
:widths: 200, 200, 100, 100
:align: left
| Plan | Size   | vCPUs     | RAM      |  Storage  |
|----|--------|-----------|----------| ---- |
| Shared | CRFREE* | up to 2 | 2 GiB    | 8 GiB |
| Shared | S2     | up to 2 | 2 GiB    | 8 GiB to 1TiB |
| Shared | S4     | up to 3 | 4 GiB    | 8 GiB to 1TiB |
| Shared | S6     | up to 4 | 6 GiB    | 8 GiB to 1TiB |
| Shared | S8     | up to 8 | 12 GiB   | 8 GiB to 1TiB |
:::

**Variable Performance** <br>
Since your cluster will be sharing vCPUs with other clusters, the performance
may vary depending on the overall load on the underlying machine. This 

> variability makes it less predictable compared to Dedicated Plans, where you
> have dedicated resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variability makes it less predictable compared to Dedicated Plans, where your
database is running on dedicated resources.
```

**Fair-Use Principle** <br>

> The Shared Plan operates on a fair-use principle. All users are expected to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Shared Plan operates on a fair-use principle. All users are expected to utilize
```

high-availability and high-throughput environments.

**Node sizes**
:::{table}
:width: 700px
:widths: 200, 200, 100, 100
:align: left
| Plan | Size   | vCPUs     | RAM      |  Storage  |
|----|--------|-----------|----------| ---- |
| Dedicated | CR1    | 1.75  | 7 GiB    | 8 GiB  to 8 TiB |
| Dedicated | CR2    | 3.5  | 14 GiB   | 8 GiB  to 8 TiB |
| Dedicated | CR3    | 7  | 28 GiB   | 8 GiB  to 8 TiB |
| Dedicated | CR4    | 14  | 55 GiB   | 8 GiB  to 8 TiB |
:::

All Dedicated Plans can be scaled from 1 to 9 nodes. Depeding on the number of
nodes, the overall cluster size can be scaled up to the following limits:

**Cluster sizes**
:::{table}
:width: 700px
:widths: 200, 200, 100, 100
:align: left
| Plan | Size   | vCPUs     | RAM      |  Storage  |
|----|--------|-----------|----------| ---- |
| Dedicated | CR1    | up to 15.75  | up to 63 GiB    | up to 72 TiB |
| Dedicated | CR2    | up to 31.5  | up to 126 GiB   | up to 72 TiB |
| Dedicated | CR3    | up to 63  | up to 252 GiB   | up to 72 TiB |
| Dedicated | CR4    | up to 126  | up to 495 GiB   | up to 72 TiB |
:::

**Recommended Setup for High Availability**<br>

> While it's possible to start with just one node, for applications requiring high

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While it's possible to start with just one node, for applications needing high
```

availability and fault tolerance, we recommend using at least 3 nodes. This
ensures that your data is safely replicated and that the cluster can handle
node failures gracefully.

## Enterprise

> For organizations with specialized requirements that go beyond our Shared and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For organizations with specialized requirements that go beyond the Shared and
```

Dedicated Plans, CrateDB Cloud offers Enterprise solutions tailored to your
specific needs. Our sales team and solutions engineers work closely with you to
architect and deploy a custom cluster configuration, ensuring optimal
performance, scalability, and security for your mission-critical applications.

> Whether you have stringent compliance mandates, complex integrations, or unique

Reviewer: New paragraph, for a better stage of the "final words" on this page. ;]
```suggestion

Whether you have stringent compliance mandates, complex integrations, or unique
```

scalability challenges, our Enterprise solutions provide the flexibility and

> expertise to meet your business objectives.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expertise to meet your business objectives and technical requirements.
```

|----|--------|-----------|----------| ---- |
| Shared | CRFREE* | up to 2 | 2 GiB    | 8 GiB |
| Shared | S2     | up to 2 | 2 GiB    | 8 GiB to 1TiB |
| Shared | S4     | up to 3 | 4 GiB    | 8 GiB to 1TiB |
| Shared | S6     | up to 4 | 6 GiB    | 8 GiB to 1TiB |
| Shared | S8     | up to 8 | 12 GiB   | 8 GiB to 1TiB |
:::

**Variable Performance** <br>
Since your cluster will be sharing vCPUs with other clusters, the performance
may vary depending on the overall load on the underlying machine. This 
variability makes it less predictable compared to Dedicated Plans, where your
database is running on dedicated resources.

**Fair-Use Principle** <br>
The Shared Plan operates on a fair-use principle. All users are expected to
utilize the shared resources responsibly so that the system remains equitable
and functional for everyone.

:::{note}
__*CRFREE__: This plan is aimed at new users who want to test and evaluate
CrateDB Cloud and is perpetually free to use. Every user can deploy one free
tier cluster in their organization without adding a payment method. Free tier
clusters will be suspended if they are not used for 7 days, and deleted after

> 7 more days of idleness. They cannot be scaled or changed.

Reviewer 2: I feel "inactivity" is a better word that "idleness". Not a big issue, just a suggestion.
